docs(blog): Added clarity to line 192-193 (#2250)
tendermint/starport: docs/guide/blog/comment-blog.md

}
```

> When the Comment validity is checked, it throws 2 error messages - `ErrID` and `ErrCommendOld`. You can define the error messages by naviagting to `x/blog/types/errors.go` and replacing what is currently in 'var' with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Comment validity is checked, it throws 2 error messages - `ErrID` and `ErrCommendOld`. You can define the error messages by navigating to `x/blog/types/errors.go` and replacing the current values in 'var' with:
```
